but he had not said
for tables
no
cisco giornata
4 how wonderful
beautiful beautiful beautiful emotion but
especially for the boys for the
people and see them so numerous and in any case
I'm expecting it opens my heart to me
I hope it can be the beginning
initials of different successes because
messina is a square that lacks a certain
kind of football and that would be the case that
she knows if she did this year
because we all believe in her we try
we try because from the first moment
it is a commitment to ourselves
above all it is something we believe in
so let's get ahead the road is long e
hard and difficult but we have the strength
and the desire to move forward
I'm excited yes because you know it
which unfortunately I do this job with
the heart also also behind the lamone
that excited at how it might not
be
in front of this show but that one
I want to say that I believe this
city ​​finally recognizes in her one
professionally important figure is
this gives more guarantees than the
money, money, etc.
I hope it is both there
right push for when I say for
bring the messina back to certain levels
it also means having the possibility
to create important things too
of the positive things they can bring
a good one
viaticum to the city so this has me
so at the beginning of a moment
important for the city would be the time
that this city ​​began to dialogue
with his football club I speak from
institutional point of view
I repeat we try we try there
we find that society creates us to create
a solid structure that can be a
reference point and then we see